Features on menu bar is changed to "The Trail"
 
"Start Digging" button on slider should click through to The Trail page. Button should be smaller.
 
Remove this text from the slider and footer: "A modern space for canine stories, honest conversations and a little perspective from Stormy." and replace with this text: "Heart. Humor. Stormy Side-Eye. (note: I'll be changing this periodically)
 
Dear Stormy fold on the homepage seems off to me. I think the graphic needs to be centered and a little larger. Text should be more dynamic somehow. Seems too plain. 
Here is an example of a look I like to make the page pop more:
 
Have a look at this site: https://www.synthesia.io/
 
The reason I'm sending to you is so you can look at the way the images and graphics are laid out onto a gradient background and framed softly. I like the modern look of this. I keep trying to find a way to make the look feel more modern and more than just a series of the same color blocks and sometimes blank spaces. Also, lets add another color in places. Let's use some version of a natural green that matches the homepage slider. Perhaps you can use that to help frame some of the images and graphics and break up the feel a little more. I think we discussed this a week or 2 ago.
 
I was hoping for more movement on the site; like when the cursor hovers over an image, the image raises up, enlarges and/or pops a little bit.
 
I need an additional promo button for header and footer. Perhaps that can have some green in it too. The button will feature the Dear Stormy book and click through to the Shop page.
 
Could you possibly tighten the header and menu bar to a look a little closer to this: https://www.creativebloq.com/
 
Reporting from the Trail fold on the homepage is all way too big. The text and images need to be more subtle and framed. 
Change the blurb below Jack's Story from: "From Shelter to prison to home" to this text: "Proof that rescue, rehabilitation, and purpose cna change lives on both sides of the bars."
 
Meet Stormy: make that all smaller too-especially the text and add attached photos below main photo.
 
On the footer: remove the subscribe content. Add the photo attached-frame it somehow so it's not so plain and add the Stormy email: Stormy@stornystories.com and link to click.
 
Remove this from the Shop page: 
Home/Shop/Product Single
 
Make the "From the Page to the Trail" in a different font, italicized or something to make it pop and differ from other text.
 
On the Reporting from the trail page- 
Frame the text in blocks so it's easier to read. Here is an example:
 
https://www.creativeboom.com/podcast/spark-206/
 
Add a couple buttons that lead to contact and shop to even it up. I'll send more photos for each article to assist with this.
 
Dear Stormy page: frame the slider somehow. or make larger. Looks off. Make letters to Stormy a little smaller.
 
Replace Lorem Ipsum with attached side-eye graphic.